fight with his neymar disease was one
of the protagonists of the meeting
because it would mark the first goal for the
tata martino assembly in the first
occasion that he arranged
very different with the entrance there not
sells bouquets in the center of the field bouquets
that pressed and dista is left neymar
shoot and get the first goal of the
meeting
only to diego lopez minute 18 of match
of ibar that was premiered in a classic
of the goal league of diego lópez
the barcelona that had an unbeatable
occasion with this mano a mano de messi
that went to diego's right
Lopez after another in time still
he arrived with a lot of danger gareth bale
who was incumbent with presedo ronaldo
and di maría
returned the three men who arranged
the zero helmsman of rosary creation of
Christian Ronaldo is one of the only
that participated in the first half the
center and Sami khedira to point is of
achieve the draw with Sami Khedira
twenty-one places marcelo that could
penalty to undiano mallenco for possible
Adriano's hands inside the
or decrees on cesc fabregas
so controversy in both bands and this
was the most expensive to neymar in the
second time the master pass place
de ramos improved the real madrid that had
this great occasion of Christian is
He found with Victor Vctor that again
another kept playing more vertical too
entered Karim Benzema and Christian Ronaldo
asked for a penalty from marchena the decision
controversy in which the dynamic did not indicate
nothing to the mask of real madrid apart
of the goal was the shot of Karim Benzema
alexis who had entered the land of
game by iniesta managed the second
look at what the Chilean does see
advanced to diego lopez
and get an extraordinary target
and dialing 2 to 0 in the 77th minute of
match
ah
dani alves blushed or wanted to blush
the Brazilian and almost gets his deserved
because I do not expose another good
intervention of valdés will reach the
goal of gs that ronaldo sees the canterano
Jesé that shoots from the front and
overcome
i
but no